Don't want it anymore.
And I sue you in the north, do you have any evidence?
Hmph, you stole all the evidence
Ouch, did you guys hear it?
Did you say I was selling counterfeit drugs at first?
Which means I stole the evidence
Did I grab it?
What you say is what you say
You have to have evidence.
Are you shameless?
Oops, did you see it?
This straw is really unworkable, it's too unworkable
Whoops, looks like I'm going to close my door.
Don't be like this, Doctor Zhang, your art is so good
It should be figured out that it should be them.
I'm not talking about who closes the door today
Then what are you doing here?
I'm here to stop you from taking lives, don't you say it?
You don't know what you did just now.